Update wording on upgrade guide and release notes (#6353)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/pages/releases/2021-08-17.mdx

We've [written a complete guide](https://keystonejs.com/updates/new-graphql-api) to the improvements we've made, and it includes [a checklist of the steps you need to take to upgrade your Keystone projects](https://keystonejs.com/updates/new-graphql-api#upgrade-checklist). Be sure to check it out!

> !> <Emoji symbol="💡" alt="Lightbulb" /> While there are a lot of changes to this API, we've put a lot of effort into making the upgrade guide robust. If you get stuck or have questions, reach out to us in the [Keystone community slack](https://community.keystonejs.com) to get the help you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!> <Emoji symbol="💡" alt="Lightbulb" /> While there’s a lot of changes to this API, we've put a lot of effort into making the the upgrade process as smooth as possible. If you get stuck or have questions, reach out to us in the [Keystone community slack](https://community.keystonejs.com) to get the help you need.
```
